[DOCS-6259] Release summary and consistency updates (#262)
Alfresco/docs-alfresco: desktop-sync/latest/admin/index.md

---
title: Administer Desktop Sync
---

> If you’re an IT administrator, you can configure a number of features to centrally manage your Desktop Sync clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re an I.T. administrator, you can configure a number of features to centrally manage your Desktop Sync clients.
```

Reviewer: Just trying out the suggestion functionality. Should it be with full stops I dont know?

Author: In general both versions are acceptable, but common usage in our docs is without the full stops.
